hello together I join in today
Christmas was high tech I got it
seen and found at the dear andrea
Cool him and thought I 'll do it
That's why I think I was even
not shown but later theoretically
actually no role
I'm sorry that now
again so a little time passed
is up to the next video on me
instagram and twitter and so follows
may know who was in malaga
with dear star kat and eleven crime
There we have a video shot on the
is channel-ahead on the then and there
it is still one of me and everything but
everything 26th
that user explanation why is now
somehow took so long
Before we start the day you have
maybe already seen it
I put my heart into it and I have
always a little bit of humor
matching the questions so I'll start
with the question 1 then you really catch
to buy gingerbread and decorate
So I have to say I do not like any
That's why I never catch gingerbread with it
to buy gingerbread but decorate
is so different for me must
say this year it was completely with me
it's still bad
Decorated so I have the stuff now
all worn down and they stand
in the living room but yes I am somehow
not yet come to something
from somewhere to do so
only thing I really decorated now
I've come in handy that was here and there
very proud of myself, I must say
asks number 2 how stressful is that
Christmas time really for you
I think it's always a bit like that
hard to find gifts for everyone and
that's why it's kind of like that
a kind of stress because I think so in
the vorweihnachtszeit then comes yet
a lot of times you can jam that fast
had to do and then was next to
to provide for gifts
and sometimes they are a bit too
more complicated things that is always
not so easy and I think that
Christmas time in itself not quite
so easy when you are so family
there and there and then back and forth
that's just always a bit like that
exhausting that's why I'm for
basically Christmas
It must be pretty hard to say it is
Not at all as cheap as it could be
let's ask three what do you want
really the most
So that's a really tough question
even if you give it to me now
probably does not believe
but I do not want anything more to me I ils
I think that's what you want most of all
and the material is that is somehow
that's two weeks back something
completely different so it would always
stupid sometime so I wish
actually someday when I am
Sometime something should die
hopefully it will not be that far yet
that I die happy then we say
i have lived well and i have
really lived and I do not regret anything
so now except for such little things here
I'm buying something but I mean
Do not really regret what and me now
I just really happy
I really wish that to happen
I think that's really it
most important to be happy
Sounds a bit clichéd like this
a little bit like me I'm a bad choice
I want to win the miss and me
I wish world peace that hunger
nothing is lost for whom is it defeated ?
most difficult a suitable gift
to find
So I would say for my whole
family somehow so I finds for
my parents always a bit
difficult and I do not want anymore
give as light
every year so something new
It's not just like that
blabla is not that easy and
for my brother I think so too
quite difficult yes basically
it really only at 1
my brother always like that with my parents
Think about it a bit
well but just what i am this year
but a kitchen machine has requested
Unfortunately, I already have something else for me
the two good ones i hope they will
not to be disappointed okay just ask
five, what was the worst thing about you
every christmas gift
I thought so because then
it does not really matter anymore
but then i have in my childhood
thought back and that we were back then
but a fiat driver i that i was like that
8 8 to 10 something in the shoot and we
are always on the second day of Christmas
to the whole family and there have the
children still a bit like that
blabla and actually
cool things get or hold such a thing
vouchers are valid though in the age
we have not got any money yet
no matter
but we always have such cool stuff
I've always been so happy
then it was a christmas because I have so
a doll got but not such a
baby born ross or would i be in
the age namely full of pleasure no me
have such a group so right
ugly doll highest such as his
Grandma always in the closet has so
a doll has a dish that was
really warm that has no
long hair but she had so short
you did not know if you were a male or a boy
weiblein
and yes that was the best present
my mother had later told that
they actually already to those
I could tell that to the child
not hands
I do not have the gift with me either
it's actually taken home
bad education or something
ungrateful but I found the doll like that
bad, that really scares me
made that I did not touch her
have or not with home
ask number six how do you spend
Christmas Eve this year I will be in
Brunswick be my parents with mine
brother my nephew and acquaintances with so
that is so standard of old
actually good and I'm happy too
right because then I think so all
come together one year
and yes I find really beautiful as
he was not so nice two years ago
I think we are there because we are
23 in the evening but still driven by the
not checkout and we were somehow
in the evening at eleven o'clock on the highway and
I have 20 kilometers of Brunswick
plates
that was not so funny but otherwise
I always look forward to the future
drive when we are there then with
bring in
seventh, what do you think about it?
Christmas in a warm country like that
refer
I think that would be fine for me
I kind of need that for me somehow
already a bit
christmas mood i am now
actually still 0 in christmas mood
but at christmas itself I need
the ones and I would have believed I want
not that one
So I need that a bit too
fucking weather outside and fir-tree
So a Christmas tree and it is included
us always pretty cool so if i have
then maybe not even in brackweden
right when my mother lies down
once fully loaded and yes so
that's why warm landwehr would be then
I do not believe anything for me
Eighth, you can then still a poem
or christmas song i also say
could actually times before many
many years rufrecht that
is now unfortunately so are only one
few pieces there but where I what
I know that something nice here
Santa Claus I look at this evil
Glue your good ones then I will
also be very good, I think so
do not know if you prefer your route
a pac or rather your good one is though
theoretically is a very short one
Christmas poem and I am very proud
on me that I still within
Ninth or without a real Christmas tree
For me, that's a stupid thing
ask because we have false bottom
But it's just because it 's stupid
I really like a real one for me
It really has to be a real one
Must smell like Christmas tree and
At some point, the needles must deviate
and that is that I really like
dear nights
At some point I have one more time
Last question your prediction is there
snow on Christmas Eve so if then
There's just so much of it physically
Closer will not know about
something so I think so rather no
and if only a little bit
so that's my forecast
Okay that was the day
i still think who i think now
dear sabrina, because of me
always directly and because they are quite a
love is and otherwise what is now
from me and I hope you
still a nice time basically one
beautiful time
see you on then next time
meet again